Hello Wind Exchange Friendship Wonder's name
Your friends who are working hard at Jirisan are so wonderful and wonderful.
Nowadays, there are a lot of friends who are very stressed because of their English.
What an international school because Yes, I came from when I was a kid growing up in Hong Kong
Danyeoseo I'm naturally learn English while learning English, but difficult
There were a lot of dots, but after learning, I started working later
And
As a singer, I first interviewed overseas
I interviewed and met people again.
It was a great advantage to learn English and I myself
I'm so proud and proud.
I think that language is very good if you learn by all means .
But still, watching and listening to TV and radio broadcasts
And I sort my spare time practicing it ever woven English sweaty feeling the
You do not mark it.
Study hard and do your best to be a great person
I hope.
Thank you. I'll always cheer.
Hello kbs announcer kim seung
I'm so glad to meet you, Good Morning Pops.
I'm seeing you on radio with fm Live Classics.
I do not want you to think about studying English so hard.
I would go to work in a variety of the various roads 0 Which one means
I think it would be easier if you think about it this way .
I would like to
The weather will be cold and I will feel a bit sick, but as always,
Out
I want you to start the movie together again the next day.
Hello. Good morning, Pops .
Higher dj is the man
If your eyes are flashing at 6 o'clock in the morning
Sometimes flashing power malman hear that it is difficult and helpless passion go pear is
Squares
It's those values aecheongja the Morning
I believe all the way to eternity to you the sincerity and passion that 3,000 people
We will also run as hard as gmp yesterday .
Hmm